fix: update @versioned support (#3316)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/cli/graphql-transformer/versioned.md

The `@versioned` directive adds object versioning and conflict resolution to a type. Do not use this directive when leveraging DataStore as the conflict detection and resolution features are automatically handled inside AppSync and are incompatible with the `@versioned` directive.

<amplify-callout>

> Note that **@versioned** is only supported in client code generated via AppSync [codegen](~/cli/graphql-transformer/codegen).

Reviewer: I'd recommend adding a line here that if customers are seeking a conflict-resolution enabled solution, they could use Amplify DataStore.

Author: @renebrandel Good call, done.

The `@versioned` directive adds object versioning and conflict resolution to a type. Do not use this directive when leveraging DataStore as the conflict detection and resolution features are automatically handled inside AppSync and are incompatible with the `@versioned` directive.

<amplify-callout>

> Note that **@versioned** is only supported in client code generated via AppSync [codegen](~/cli/graphql-transformer/codegen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that **@versioned** is only supported in client code (statement and types) generated via AppSync [codegen](~/cli/graphql-transformer/codegen).
```

> Versioning is not supported in models generated via `amplify codegen models`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**@versioned** is not supported by models generated via `amplify codegen models`.
```

> [Amplify DataStore](~/lib/datastore/getting-started) provides conflict-resolution out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Amplify DataStore](~/lib/datastore/getting-started) instead of **@versioned** to provide offline app data access with built-in conflict-resolution.
```
